Decouple Dockerfile into build and train (#3060)
mozilla/DeepSpeech: doc/USING.rst

If pre-built binaries aren't available for your system, you'll need to install them from scratch. Follow the :github:`native client build and installation instructions <native_client/README.rst>`.

Dockerfile for building from source
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> We provide a ``Dockerfile.build`` docker to wrap rebuilding ``libdeepspeech.so`` as well as C++ ``deepspeech``, Python and others bindings.
> You need to generate the dockerfile from the template using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide ``Dockerfile.build`` to automatically build ``libdeepspeech.so``, the C++ native client, Python bindings, and KenLM.
You need to generate the Dockerfile from the template using:
```
